Added limitation to the documentation of python scripts. (#37889)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/python_script.markdown

[logger-api]: https://docs.python.org/3.7/library/logging.html#logger-objects

{% note %}
 - It is not possible to use Python imports with this integration. If you want to do more advanced scripts, you can take a look at [AppDaemon](https://appdaemon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) or [pyscript](https://github.com/custom-components/pyscript)

>  - It is not possible to include your script as a button on the dashboard. A work around is to create a [helper button](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/input_button/) and create an automation to run your script when the button state changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - It is not possible to include your script as a button on the dashboard. A workaround is to create a [helper button](/integrations/input_button/) and create automation to run your script when the button state changes.
```
